Subscription API + upcoming Entitlement migration (#7109)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Subscription.md

| current_period_start | ISO8601 timestamp   | Start of the current subscription period                                                                                                   |
| current_period_end   | ISO8601 timestamp   | End of the current subscription period                                                                                                     |
| status               | SubscriptionStatus  | Current status of the subscription                                                                                                         |
| canceled_at          | ISO8601 timestamp?  | When the subscription was canceled                                                                                                         |
| country?             | string              | ISO3166-1 alpha-2 country code of the payment source used to purchase the subscription. Missing unless queried with a private OAuth scope. |

The start of a subscription is determined by its ID. When the subscription renews, its current period is updated.

> If the user cancels the subscription, the `canceled_at` timestamp reflects when they did so. The subscription will enter the `ENDING` status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user cancels the subscription, the subscription will enter the `ENDING` status and the `canceled_at` timestamp will reflect the time of the cancellation.
```

### Subscription Example

```json
{
  "id": "1278078770116427839", 
  "user_id": "1088605110638227537", 
  "sku_ids": ["1158857122189168803"], 
  "entitlement_ids": [], 
  "current_period_start": "2024-08-27T19:48:44.406602+00:00", 
  "current_period_end": "2024-09-27T19:48:44.406602+00:00", 
  "status": 0, 
  "canceled_at": null
}
```

### Subscription Statuses

| Type     | Value | Description                                         |
|----------|-------|-----------------------------------------------------|

> | ACTIVE   | 1     | The subscription is active and scheduled to renew.  |
> | ENDING   | 2     | The subscription is active but will not renew.      |
> | INACTIVE | 3     | The subscription is inactive and not being charged. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ACTIVE   | 1     | Subscription is active and scheduled to renew.  |
| ENDING   | 2     | Subscription is active but will not renew.      |
| INACTIVE | 3     | Subscription is inactive and not being charged. |
```

> info
> Subscription status should not be used to grant perks. Use [entitlements](#DOCS_RESOURCES_ENTITLEMENT/entitlement-object) as an indication of whether a user should have access to a specific SKU. See our guide on [Implementing App Subscriptions](#DOCS_MONETIZATION_IMPLEMENTING_APP_SUBSCRIPTIONS) for more information.

> Subscriptions can start at and change between any of these statuses at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscriptions can start and change between any of these statuses at any time.
```

> Status is *not* related to the current period. A subscription could be `ACTIVE` outside its current period or `INACTIVE` within its current period. 

Reviewer: how?? this doesn't make sense at first glance so could help to be more explicit about why/when this isn't the case

## List SKU Subscriptions % GET /skus/{sku.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_SKU/sku-object}/subscriptions

Returns all subscriptions containing the SKU, filtered by user. Returns a list of [subscription](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SUBSCRIPTION/subscription-object) objects.

### Query String Params

| Field    | Type      | Description                                                                   | Default |
|----------|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| before?  | snowflake | List subscriptions before this ID                                             | absent  |
| after?   | snowflake | List subscriptions after this ID                                              | absent  |

> | limit?   | integer   | The number of results to return (1-100)                                       | 50      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| limit?   | integer   | Number of results to return (1-100)                                           | 50      |
```
